choose life choose a job she was a
career choose a family choose a big
television your quiet scene city to take
a little bit too easy a little bit vows
choose washing machines cars compact
this place dental and shoes you lied
wait to get my kicked in the door
well excited attraction to the legend
and visitor I don't want waiter like
pleasure a pleasure
he's always been walking in moral fiber
he knows a lot about Sean Connery as
hardly a substitute do you see the Beast
have you got it in your shape clear
enough much money Patti just sitting on
that couch watching my numbing
spirit-crushing game shows
stuff and junk food into your mug
the baby say come on is immediate so
what can you do sharpen
what's on the menu this evening sir the
dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgy
scams
choose leisure wear a matching luggage
it shows good health in the career
choose your flask
choose your future choose life
you